# 08-06-23 Infrastructure Working Group Meeting

### Check-in

**What are you most excited for in this transition to a Github Organisation?**

- Jim - Groups! Automatically assigning groups to issues/PRs/etc.
- Sarah
- Danny
- Anne

### Agenda

## :hourglass_flowing_sand: **Timing:**

\*\*Check-in Question

| Duration | Activity                                    |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| Start    | ðŸ‘‹ Welcome                                  |
| 05 mins  | Check in                                    |
| 30 mins  | Review of Infrastructure task list          |
| 15 mins  | PR reviews (Book dash)                      |
| 10 mins  | Final tasks for next meeting (13 July 2023) |

### Preparing for _The Turing Way_ Github Organisation

1. What is required in order to prepare for a Github Organisation?
2. Reviewing materials & posting on [Github issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/3213)
3. What might a timeline look like?

Notes:

- ALS: Advocating for a while. Got the okay! Want Infra WG to spearhead the process. Power & skills to make this transition.
- DG: Shouldn't this be a paid person's role? Seems more of a question of skills?
- ALS: Both power and skills?
- SG - Things may break
  - [name=Sarah] Netlify probably, should be easy to fix.
  - [name=Sarah] Not much else should break
- How to do this
  - [name=Sarah] GitHub process to migrate repository to a new Org. **Everything** moves **except** permissions.
  - [name=Sarah] Could use the API to extract permissions, add them back
  - May be an opportunity to _check_ if people need the permissions they have.
    - Sometimes letting people complain when permissions are removed helps prune unnecessary permissions that had been granted previously.
- JM: Haven't migrated a repo before. May affect broken links, etc.
- SG: One member of each WG having admin rights
- DG: I agree with Jim: opportunity for permissions clean slate is a security bonus
- JM: Infra 'team' and Review 'team' are an ongoing list that can be added to the new repo, cleaning up?
- DG: Process for who gets to merge. Contextual people can merge. Person starting Issue/PR can merge involved in PR is all. What's to stop us from starting a github org right now?
- SG: We can create teams, create an organisation. We can add people to those teams. We can have a count down to the transfer.
- DG: Github good at redirecting.
- SG: Better to let people know. Automatic assignment to infra team for different things.
- DG: Arrange another meeting for folks on hand?
- JM: Code owners and required reviews? Cannot be merged until they look at it?
  - Might be too restrictive for The Turing Way
- ALS/AAA: Get list of folks from each working group & their github handles
- DG: Can we make sure that next Infrastructure meeting is when it merges? Could we do it at a Collab Cafe?
- SG: Can we ask people to come to this meeting as a d
- ALS: Github issue?
- SG: A banner on the actual book! A countdown?
- DG: We want to be underwhelmed by this countdown?
- ALS: What invites are missing?
- DG: Anything else that needs to be discussed?
- SG: Redirects
- ALS: We'll need to split it later on?
- ALS: All the people who have made a PR, would they be in a group?
- JM: Is there a better way to do this?

Zulip bot links:

- https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing/zulipbot-usage.html
- https://github.com/zulip/zulipbot/
- https://pyvideo.org/search.html?q=zulipbot

### Planning the timeline

- Transfer in 1 month
  - How do we communicate the shift of the repository?
  - Setting up teams
  - Hit transfer in next meeting
  - Figuring out how to split later on
- Splitting repo in the future (much longer time line)

### Next steps:

- Write on the Github issue
- Permissions
- Onboarding and offboarding for these processing
  - Management of the teams
- List of active contributors (AAA/ALS)
- Future work
  - TTW url
  - TTW website
- Paying people to work on infrastructure
  - A full time role(?)
    - Infrastructure research - guiding in priorities? Recommendations?
    - Implementing findings?
    - [Danny's PR](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/3218)
  - Some REG time from folks(?)
    - Should the person doing the recommendation also be doing the implementation?
- Communication Plan -
  - Slack: @channel message announcing
  - Github organistaion
  - Inviting people to next meeting
