Attendees:

- Ale
- Johanna
- Jim
- Sarah
- Danny
- Arielle
- Brigitta

Apologies

- Anne
- Kirstie
-
-

Agenda:

- [Dedicated URL](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3266) is now available. Review the timeline and which support is needed. Include other subpages on the website
  - Research for supporting website development (from ALS): https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVMH_HE8M=/?share_link_id=261034489030
  - Previous work about TTW Website brief: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Btjl1ryDlAwrAiRSVkbWTUORujPGUaQfhF8To9XtNKo/edit
- Confirm Infrastructure WG roles (based on the Slack message):
  Chair: Danny
  :couch_and_lamp: Co-chair: Jim, Danny and Brigitta
  :file_cabinet: Secretary: Sarah
  :pound: Turing Staff Delivery Team Contact: Ale
  The chair will change every 6-months, March-August
- Setting an Infrastructure repo, reference from the [Book Dash Repo](https://github.com/the-turing-way/bookdash)
- Next Community Call: Tuesday 23 April (from 15:00 - 16:30). Save the date and prepare a 5-min presentation
- Other

Notes:

- First thing with the domain is that members of the infra WG should be given access to manage it ---> on Kirstie

  - Is DNS coming from The Turing? We don't know yet. Authorisation process, where is it bought from?
  - What you have access to depends on your voluntary
  - Control is a status --> fight fires should also have access
  - Access right should be given by team membership --> internal policiies
  - Create a DNS team who are members of the infrastructure team, maintain a list of who those team members ---> Action to open
    - DNS team maintain the documentation on the book to share the process
    - Keep it casual
    - 2 experience people + documentation (Jim and Sarah). This isn't a life sentence and they could change any time
    - Most of the time, there will be nothing to do. If DNS is working you don't touch it.

- IT was bought on Namecheap, so not Turing related I don’t think

Anne's video:

- Goal to get the URL is to make sure we have a reliable platform
- We can start putting other things in our website
- Homepage, having a landing page
- Comms can choose any blogpost and infrastructure team would linked it
- the-turing-way.org ---> will replace the start page
- +1 for book at book.the-turing-way.org
- DNS is like postal addresses for buildings
- We will be able to redirect very easily with DNS control, point resources to our turing
- Time commitment to become a WG chair
