Attendees:

- Jim
- Danny
- Brigitta
- Sarah

### Agenda/Notes

- Update on localisation in MystMd
  - Sarah spoke with Angus at 2i2c meeting.
    Expect localisation to be a core part of MystMD, it is a requirement of funded work.
  - We could wait for this change to be merged upstream, then use it
    - Would free us to migrate to RTD now (fixing other issues)
    - No fixed time estimate
    - Would prevent us from working on a fix which we would then abandon
  - Is there anything we can do to help? We could be a good test case
    - There is already a relationship, but at levels above us
    - We could look at executable books discussions, see if someone can sit in on meetings
- Analytics
  - Sophie and Alejandro looked at analytics during book dash
  - There is some momentum about finding a good solution for The Turing Way
  - Could did into what we have learned at a collab caf√©
