Attendees:

- Kirstie
- Jim
- Sarah
- Brigitta
- Danny
- Richard D

Apologies:

- Anne (might not be able to make it)
- Ale (poorly kiddo)

Agenda:

- Define WG Chair and WG responsibilities. [This info can be useful for the conversation](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/pull/3499/files):
  - **Chair and co-chairs**: These person(s) are responsible for the creation and continuation of a working group. They play the role of the facilitator of the group, and are responsible for organising and chairing meetings, distributing responsibilities, and ensuring the broader accountability of the assembled group. While this role may be occupied by multiple people, it is important to establish how each person upholds the responsibilities of a chair in an equitable way.
  - **Secretary**: This person is responsible for ensuring the logistical reporting of the group. They are responsible for uploading meeting notes, ensuring that time-keeping is set in meetings, and that records of the group's activities are transparent, open, and accessible for others to access. For example, if the duties of the chair are distributed across multiple people, the secretary is responsible for documenting this format in the working group's repository.
  - **Leadership Council Liason**: Members of working groups have historically provided operational, strategic and advisory support for their area of work to _The Turing Way_ leadership council (the collective group that includes the core delivery staff and (co-)leads of working groups). This has allowed them to inform project-related decisions and/or remain active in their specified area of work. In this iteration, an identified core team representative will participate in leadership council meetings, and represent the working group in wider governance meeting spaces. They will be responsible for relaying feedback, announcements, and discussions from the leadership council to the working group.
  - **Turing Staff Delivery Team Contact**: While working groups should be able to operate with autonomy in most decisions that apply to their work, sometimes they may require help from the TTW core staff delivery team in order to enable their operations, and/or support the incubation of the group. Each working group should have an assigned contact from the staff delivery team, most likely either the project Community Manager or Project Manager.
  - **Member**: Any Turing Way community member may join a working group without restriction, and without taking on a leadership role.
- Add a ReadMe on the Infrastructure repo: https://github.com/the-turing-way/infrastructure-working-group
  - Summarise what the working groups are
  - How can people get involve
  - Roles and responsibilities of the members
- **Proposal: Mixed voting system** for [the dedicated URL](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3266) ---> Can we use Feb to decide the URL and buy it in March? What would be the next stage, once we have it?
  **Context:** This is Anne's proposal, posted on slack for voting about the URL
  _ Slack: Anne (or anyone in the @infrastructure-wg) can post in the #ask-away channel with a global tag, using emoji reactions to vote. The vote can be a collective infrastructure working group proposal, with three options of 1) No issue, 2) Different preference but go ahead and 3) Disagree, and commitment to comment. Adding draft language here now. Comments will be cross-posted to this issue.
  _ Collaboration Cafe: I can reserve the next 'main room' discussion in the Collab Cafe so that folks can join in/discuss the names in real time. The next one is next week on 7 February. Notes can be used for reporting can be added to this issue as well.
  _ Newsletter: Flag that voting is happening, linking outwards. Say that it closes on 14 Feb.
  _ Social media: Voting is not happening directly on those platforms, but can link people to appropriate channels if they want to engage similarly with deadline. \* Votes and comments are compiled and then presented at Community Call, with confirmation of URL name.
- GSOC (Kirstie)

### Notes

#### URL

- Proposal to vote on _change_ of URL (yes, no opinion, no) rather than the URL itself
- Consensus to avoid `.io`
- Dashes or no dashes
  - Dashes is consistent with current URL and GitHub org
- Do we feel this _should_ be voted on by the community
  - Could _only_ go to a vote _if_ the issue shows there are conflicting opinions
  - Likely to be uncontroversial, but can voting prompts disagreement
  - Consensus that we don't need a vote on the name
  - Better to put a proposal on the name
  - Consensus is `the-turing-way.org`
  - Open for comments
    - responses are "no issue", "weak disagree (go ahead)", "strong disagree (with comment/justification)"
- Action (Danny): Write proposal as a new issue (or use existing issue) and draw attention (Slack, _etc._)

##### Hosting

- Changing URl is related to hosting and recent issues with Python dependencies
- Netlify supports Python 3.8 at the latest
- Netlify is therefore blocking us from upgrading to more recent package
- Getting a URL _first_ would mean we could put in effort to inform everyone the new URL is "the-turing-way.org", for example, then migrating hosting providers should be invisible to readers
  Rather than having multiple changes in URL.
- Would be good to deploy from the CI build (so that CI is _exactly_ the same as deployed site)
  - Brigitta has examples/experience of using GitHub Actions and Circle CI to do this
- Should consider how choice of hosting affects our ability to deploy multiple languages

#### GSOC

- Last meeting we didn't feel we had a _strong_ plan for GSOC
- There are community members who are keen to run a GSOC-style project
- JB is, in particular, interested in having a mentor as she learns more infrastructure/backend things
- There is an ask for mentorship outside of GSOC for JB
- Could one member act as a mentor, joint mentorship from multiple members?
- Some reservations that being a good mentor requires a time investment to be actively involved
- For now, there isn't a clear project for a mentee to work on. We should return to this when we have a good piece of work.
- ACTION for Kirstie to feed decision back to JB

#### README

- Action on who to write the README?

#### WG roles

- Tertiary structure
  - Members (agree to CoC, can contribute, review, join events)
  - Maintenance level (includes WGs, ability to make delegated decisions, _e.g._ decisions that will have some impact but don't need constitutional level decision. Also, ability to handle enquiries _e.g._ "We don't have an opinion or need to be involved, you can proceed as you'd like")
  - Constitution level (major, complex decisions. _E.g._ finances, employed staff. Previously Kirstie & Malvika)
- Would like WG chairs to be involved in constitutional level decisions
  - Monthly meetings of constitutional decision makers
  - WG chairs can bring proposals to this meeting
    - _e.g._ splitting repository, changing hosting provider
  - WG chairs join discussions to provide input
- Other roles
  - Secretary
    - Keeping track of priorities
  - Leadership council liason
    - This is actually the chair, ignore
  - Turing Staff Delivery Team contact
    - Secretariat
    - (Al√©)
  - Member
    - Should be open for anyone who is interested in helping
- Action (Jim): Post an message in Slack to let WG members indicate interest in the roles
