# 10-11-22 Infrastructure Working Group Kick-off

### Code of conduct

_The Turing Way_ Code of conduct applies to this call.
* [Take a moment to read this](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
* For any question or concern please reach out to Malvika and Anne (msharan@turing.ac.uk, asteele@turing.ac.uk).

# Agenda

**Time**: Friday, 11 November, 14:00 UTC ([in your timezone](https://arewemeetingyet.com/london/2022-11-11/14:00))
**Chair**: Anne
**Scribe**: Otter.ai (from Sarah)


| Duration | Activity |
| ---- | -------- |
| 10 mins | ðŸ‘‹ Welcome + Introductions  |
| 5 mins | Review of WG Proposal |
| 10 mins | Revisiting Purpose of WG |
| 10 mins | Developing Principles & Ways of Working |
| 15 mins | Processes and Tasks |
| 5 mins | Action items & Next steps |

## Welcome + Introductions

Time: 0:00-0:10

(Please add your name and you can respond to the questions verbally during the introduction.)

**Name (optional: pronouns) + How did you start getting involved with open source infrastructure (with The Turing Way or otherwise?)?**
* Sarah / Binder project (intro to infrastructure), infra work since 2019
* Jim Madge (he/him) / playing around with self-hosting
    * computational chemistry
* Danny Garside (he/him) / 
    * computational neuroscience -> TTW for 5 years, 
* Brigitta SipÅ‘cz (she/her) / python library infrastructure for many years -> Turing Way 2 years ago for book dash -> runs a few projects based on JupyterBook 

## Kickoff: Review of Proposal of WG

Time: 00:10 - 00:15

[Anne]


## Purpose: Why is this work important to the larger community?

Time: 00:15 - 0:25

Notes:
- DG: It seperates out the content creation from all the other stuff - people don't need to worry about the process behind it. For me, it enables other people to do good work.
- JM: Reading the book, 
- SG: Site-reliability engineering. Needs to be accessible for both reading and contributing
- BS: Being proactive, building the most automated tools to prevent issues. Lots of people involved at contributor level, but some rules are needed 
- 

## Principles: How can we work together to achieve this?

Time: 00:25 - 00:40

[Taken from Github Issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2690)

Notes:
- Interest + Availability:
    - DG: busy end of 2022, more free in 2023
    - SG: 2i2c, community strategic lead role, worried about dividing time into too many slices, strategic vision, tool to solve that problem, writing
    - BS: Ad-hoc basis, not a fan of documentation, how to notice pull requests that need another set of eyes, way of being able to look at permissions
    - JM: tag for infrastructure, github teams
- Github organisation, github teams
    - Github permissions:
    - Label hack
- Communication: platform, cadence, method
    - Immediate issues: visibility of infrastructure work
    - Kanban boards
    - Tags immediately
    - State & prompt:
- Openess: sharing with TTW communinity
- Membership: who should be in this group?

## Process: What do we work on?

Time: 00:40 - 00:55

### 1. Reviewing ongoing tasks 
[Taken from Github Issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2690)
> * Day to day: package updates, managing bug reports
> * Longer-term: managing automation requests from working groups, developing strategy for tech adoption, onboarding new infrastructure maintainers, self-directed projects
> * Preparation required: developing documentation (for internal use, to be added to the Community Handbook)

Notes:
- What is this missing? 

### 2. Reviewing timeline
[Taken from Github Issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2690)
> 1. Phase 1: Documentation
> 2. Phase 2: Testing and Developing System
> 3. Phase 3: Expanding system & maintainers group

Notes:
- Are these the logical steps to take? 

### 3. Planning for Phase 1
[Taken from Github Issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2690)
> Answering questions like 'Who is doing what?' and 'What do people need to know when they join?', these phase is focused on documenting existing processes to develop, update, and maintain TTW as it is currently. This can form the framework for something like an SRE guide for TTW maintainers, including resources like a Q&A, and information about its platform building tools

Notes:
- Action Points:
    - ALS - Making issue of what should go in documentation?
    - SG - Sending otter.ai transcript


### Next Steps

Time: 00:55 - 01:00

- Tasks until end of year (Async)
- Next Meeting: Async or real-time?
    - When2Meet: early 2023?

----

## References

* List of members: 
    * 
* Link to transcript: 
    * https://hackmd.io/@turingway/Hk5Ywl2Bo
