# 07-12-23 Infrastructure Working Group Meeting 10

Attendees:
- Jim
- Angus
- Sarah
- Ale
- Brigitta


Notes:
- Help Angus to understand the sense of this meeting
- What we would like to accomplish 
- Angus backgroung: using jupyterhub for some time. Experience with Onboarding people ---> Jupyterhub has a barrier if people are not technical 
    - Identify core offerings from Jupyterhub
    - How can we onboard new users into the new Jupiterhub notebook ---> figure out if there are opportunities of new features that could be beneficial for the community
    - Learn more about the background of this TTW infrastructure meetings
- SG: has been involved in TTW from the beginning and is the reason why she's still involved in binderhub
    - TTW will be an interesting case study for Angus as to bring people into version control 
- What kind of people are coming to TTW? academic students? where in the lifecycle are they? 
    - BS: TTW has different type users where not all would come and work on deployment, hiding features or adding  --> there are different  interest
    - We get not only students, or postdocs, but policy makers, organisations
- Obtain metrics
- Since we have Kirstie here, I’m also flagging that Sarah’s point  about the need for personnel help with the infrastructure building) has been documented since July 2023! ❤️ https://docs.google.com/document/d/162ZaTNMxnH2PyTsJ44ResoXNlDxyxjigyfwDQAHuhtc/edit#heading=h.r4oim1pgb0rw (added by Anne)

Actions for the next meeting (11 January 2024):
- Connect the Translation and Localisation team to work on the book translation ---> which language you translate it from. How do they organise their work and priorities. 
- splitting the repo: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3352