# 08-06-23 Infrastructure Working Group Meeting 5

Time: Thursday, 8 June, 16:00 pm
Attendees: Jim, Alex, Danny & Anne

**What are your priorities and interests for being part of the Infrastructure team?**

- [name=Jim] (Probably can't join the call ☹️) Making everything work really well and being able to explain it.
- [name=Alex] (Joined super late) as Anne and I were in a Turing way meeting. Support the team
- [name=Danny] Making it easy for others to contribute and use the guides
- [name=Anne] Helping to formalise and handover power to folks here!

### Review of Infrastructure task:

The following is a work in progress and the discussion today will allow us to improve it and feed into our Governance review

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lDnbSU0_jYB-qVpOj7mMAynvvMERwxpFAeWbq7FoHaM/edit#gid=699453517

### PR Reviews

- [name=Jim] I have two from the book dash that I would like some input on
  - https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/3093 --- Is finished and approved by Sarah but it does change how the contributors record is updated so I wanted to have some authoritative sign off (from Malvika?)
  - https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/3102 --- Starting on infrastructure documentation using the above PR as an example. (Would be good to add the broken link issue workflow here)

#### Anne presented the Governance infrastucture document

Sarah:
Recommended to have an audit role (could be a .5 fte) to research which tools _The Turing Way_, the feature of each of them, who is using it (which working group) and how they are relying on it. Do a research about other available tools that could be replaced with. The person producing this report should not be responsible for the implementation

Alex:
Suggested that maybe Arya, as the GSoC Student could support us with it.

Sarah:
The student could help to prototype this role and evidence why it is needed with a student. To gather evidence and a first set of recommendation

### Structures from the Working Group

S: looking at what is doing at Netlify and Jupyter book

G: Documentation, leave a the knowledge in place in case anyone from the working group leaves. (Very urgent priority)

Copy notes from this document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/18DvwnQ88Bwo_5QVHNdGBrKf2gQH1-1wqzTrDvGSQ874/edit#

Urgent needs:

- Need for personnel that is dedicated specifically to open source ecosystem research (can also be involved in operational work). Perhaps a RAM or REG?

  - Combination of product manager, “technical enough”, and open source strategy (community guidance, what are contributors/users trying to achieve?)
  - Not expected to implement
  - Generate reports on status of ecosystem, provides “stick or switch” recommendations for certain tools, based on ongoing assessment of needs of users and other WGs

- Documenting and updating existing infrastructure on regular basis

  - Status: Currently being drafted by various WG & community members
    - Running Jupyter locally (issue #)
    - Infrastructure group documentation (issue #)

- Resources & loose structures to enable decision-making (organisational vs operational) - Types: package updates, feature management (like IT services for entire community), upstream as a service - Status: Getting references from team and community. Core delivery team can draft an example around how this structure might work. Possibility of Open Source Infrastructure role within the team? - References:
  https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/governance.md
  https://mybinder-sre.readthedocs.io/en/latest/operation_guide/common_problems.html
  https://jupyterhub-team-compass.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#we-sail-together

- Github Organisation (long term - but growing need)
  Teams can be created for each type of work
  Will help with clarifying roles within the team
