# 11-05-23 Infrastructure Working Group Meeting 4

Time: Thursday, 11 May, 16:00 pm
Attendees: Bastian, Jim and Alex.

There was no agenda as we have agreed that this was a prep meeting for the ones starting on the 2nd Thursday of the month.

- We spoke about how we could support in structuring the infrastructure working group.
- Jim will be at the Book Dash (in May) and that was a good opportunity for him to work on the infrastructure team documentation. He wanted to speak to Malvika to answer some technical questions
- We spoke about the possibility of TTW having an Infrastructure custodian who can focus and guide all the technicalities of the space. This person should have authority to make decisions and make it evident for other contributors.
- Are the Collaborations Cafes the right space for the infrastructure team to work. Is it a focus time to go through PR?
- Is is possible to bring more resources to the infrastructure team to be able to invest in more automations and structure?

### Actions:

- Alex agreed to talk to Malvika about this points
