# 20-04-23 Infrastructure Working Group Meeting 3

# Agenda

**Time**: Thursdat, 20 April, 16:00 UTC+1 ([in your timezone](https://arewemeetingyet.com/london/2023-03-29/16:00))
**Chair**: Anne
**Scribe**: Otter.ai (from Sarah)


| Duration | Activity |
| ---- | -------- |
| 10 mins | ðŸ‘‹ Welcome + Introductions  |
| 5 mins | Review  Developing Principles & Ways of Working|
| 20 mins | Review PR |
| 20 mins |Documentation|
| 5 mins | Action items & Next steps |

## Welcome back + Introductions

Attendees: Sarah, Brigitta, Anne and Ale

### Meeting discussions

Sarah
- Redirection of files around
- Link checks


PR Working group
- How are we using this meeting?
    - Fundamental work needs to happen offstream
    - The Turing 

- Jim (how do good meetings look like): 
Project Tracker
Quick overview of issues.
Higher level of prioritation. High level of conversation. Quick refresh of people opinions. 

- Anne (Open Roadmap)
Propose to have someone from Translation to guide us on how to organise the group
    Translation and Location notes: https://hackmd.io/HQQQMlwvTIOtX5nHH9R4eg

- Sarah (on inviting someone from the Translation group)
Sounds like a good idea. 
Documenting what we have might be a good idea. 

- Brigitta: on building the roadmap. 

## Planning the documentation

- Prepare templates and sessions for a Collaboration Space

## Roadmap

- Jim and Sarah are not certain that this might be a solution for this WG. 


**Next meetings will be the 2nd Thursday of the month from 4:00 pm to 5:00 pm**

May will be a month full of Conferences for the 
Collaborations Workshops
SciPy / mid July: Send stickers and cards to Brigitta
