# 12-10-23 Infrastructure Working Group Meeting 9

## Check-in 
*Please note your ability to attend here*
* :negative_squared_cross_mark: Sarah - annual leave
* :negative_squared_cross_mark: Jim - Turing @ Exeter event (representing REG, TPS, DSH, TTW)
* :heavy_check_mark: Danny - but I was hoping that Sarah and their translation tech friend might be able to attend this one. Worth rescheduling to enable that?
* Danny
* Alex
* Brigitta

## Notes
- Book Dash team planning
    - WG status on 17 November, prepare which projects we would like to share
        - Multilanguage Website (Sara's contact could support on this) -- > https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3255
            - MVP: with the right people on board it could be fairly quick job. Assuming that the file names are the same. Alex will contact Sarah to check when her contact could meet Danny
            - Connection between the Translation and Localisation team and this project
        - Team permission at Github project (Brigitta), permissions are allowed by teams
- Funding & support needs
- Core team meeting review
- Github org transition - issue review & task division