# 29-03-23 Infrastructure Working Group Meeting 2

### Code of conduct

_The Turing Way_ Code of conduct applies to this call.
* [Take a moment to read this](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
* For any question or concern please reach out to Malvika and Anne (msharan@turing.ac.uk, asteele@turing.ac.uk).

# Agenda

**Time**: Wednesday, 29 March, 16:00 UTC+1 ([in your timezone](https://arewemeetingyet.com/london/2023-03-29/16:00))
**Chair**: Anne
**Scribe**: Otter.ai (from Sarah)


| Duration | Activity |
| ---- | -------- |
| 10 mins | ðŸ‘‹ Welcome + Introductions  |
| 5 mins | Review of WG Proposal! |
| 20 mins | Review of last year |
| 20 mins | Developing Principles & Ways of Working |

| 5 mins | Action items & Next steps |

## Welcome back + Introductions

Time: 0:00-0:05

(Please add your name and you can respond to the questions verbally during the introduction.)

**Name (optional: pronouns) + How did you start getting involved with open source infrastructure (with The Turing Way or otherwise?)?**
* [name=Danny] (he/him) - I think I saw things that bugged me in the formatting of the Turing Way, and saw that they were fixed in a new version, and the rest is history! ðŸ˜…
* [name=Brigitta] (she/her) - I started to contribute to open source as a GSoC student, gravitated towards the infrastructure parts  over the years. During the pandemic joined one or two book dashes, and naturally ended up enjoying fixing infrastructure for TTW more than writing content.
* [name=Anne] (she/her) - 
* [name=Jim] (he/him) - Wanting to self-host and manage multiple Raspberry Pis in a sensible way
* [name=Bastian] (he/him) - Some self-hosting blogs and stuff and then wanting to run openSNP.org 
* [name=Sarah] (she/her) From the beginning of the Turing Way, working with Project Binder and JupyterHub, deploying "traditional" compute-based infrastructure

## Review: What we've done so far

Time: 00:10 - 00:55

[Anne]

Notes:
- Instructions for building locally: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/2922
    - Worked with Outreachy interns to test documentation, which was great!
- Planning documentation for infrastructure maintainers: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2809
    - What has worked, what hasn't?
- Flagging infrastructure work for Book Dash: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2988
- Reviewing core principles from last year
    - Availability & Commitment: has anything changed?
        - [name=Jim] In principle, no change. In practice, I'm probably going to have less 'Turing time' to use for TTW.
        - [name=Sarah] Low availability. I feel like I am in a position to be consulted and provide designs for solutions to problems, but I probably don't have time for implementations.
        - [name=Brigitta] ad-hoc, availability for PR review is definitely there (I need to receive a direct github notification about it), less commitment for implementing new ideas
        - [name=Bastian] No prior availability reported :wink: 
        - [name=Anne] There's a lot more that I wanted to do with everyone, but am being pulled in a couple of different directions! I could commit to a regular set time.
        - [name=Danny] Unclear currently - I'm in the process of wrapping up my postdoc and deciding what comes next, and I'm currently planning my life only several days ahead at a time!
    - Github organisation, github teams
        - We got the ok! :thumbsup:
        - ALS: How can we host a conversations about this transition in public? 
        - SG: Github teams -> each WG can be a team. Separating event planning from maintenance issues.
        - BS: Hard to find issues that you can find in 10-15 minutes that I have. Labels is one thing. Project board can be helpful and directly being pinged on pull requests. Balance of pinging group & pinging individuals... 
        - SG: We can ping each other... but can people outside the WG know how to do it. 
        - JM: Can you assign a team to a PR or request a review from a team?
        - ALS: We have slack channel... but should that happen in this context?
        - What would be needed to flag a working group?
            - SG: Currently is through ATI, but will need github organisation
            - BS: First hurdle is to get the organisation
            - JM: We'll just do what makes sense and worry about improving it later! Teams on Github had be a tree structure, can have sub-team of infrastructure maintainers.
            - SG: Downside of pinging a team can be that no one is responsible...
            - ALS: How can we be a buffer during this process?
            - JM: Tagging, people who play that triage role... Sounds a bit risky, you have to have a lot of knowledge about who everyone is.
            - SG: Pull request reminder bot... burden the robot! 
        - How can we start planning for a github organisation in 6 months?
            - JM: We can do this?
            - SG: Will dig into how the reminder bot is done
            - BS: Getting org wide anything requires the hacking, not the other way around
        - 
    - Communication: platform, cadence, method
        - Infrastructure reminders on Slack channel 
            - BS: Every other week a summary of what is going on?
            - JM: Monthly, weekly summary, 
            - BST: i would feel like having a bot do automated reminders in a separate channel can easily lead to notification fatigue (and a same vague responsibility)
        - Github team: Can only add Turing folks to the Github team... 
    - Openess: sharing with TTW communinity
    - Membership: who should be in this group?
        - ALS: Maybe pause on thinking about this?


- 1) Github teams
    - Now: 
        - AAA & ALS: can see on Turing level
        - JM: Can people be added as 'Outside Collaborators'? Jim tested it and it was not possible. 
    - Organisation: We'll need our own team.
- 2) Notifications
    - Github email digests
    - Slack channel
- 3) Accountability + Scheduling
    - Meeting structures
    - Book Dash & Collab Cafe 
        - Planning in the long term for a sprint of some sort?
        - Once a quarter?
    - Slack channel

## Next steps
Time: 00:55-01:00

- Scheduling a monthly meeting
    - AAA: Start with scheduling one month check-in 
    - 
- Schedule time 
    - Schedule monthly meeting 
- Github organisation