Attendees:

- Sarah
- Danny
- Jim

### Notes

#### Translations

- Sarah and Brigitta had productive conversations about how to handle translations
- Different options
  - Manage it all ourselves :scream:
  - Use our site generators (Sphinx, Myst, Hugo, whatever)
  - Use a service (RTD)
  - These all work in different ways and have different implications for support
- Should keep in touch with Angus (Jupyter (Book?)) about what plans there are for translation features in Jupyter Book
- Next steps
  - Split repo: having a repo with just the book
  - Check Jupyter Book plans for Myst
    - Can we still deploy to RTD (which requires a Sphinx conf.py)?
    - See notes from last meeting. Jupyter Book would target RTD
- Danny TODO - Push forward with streamlining the repo (follow up on splitting off the newsletter etc)

Action: co-working session at Collab Café 15-05-2024 to add a single translation to RTD build
Action: Danny + Malvika + others establish which folders can be pruned from repo
    Then, organise co-working to split the repo in parallel

- Folk not being able to access the new TTW URL is **not** our fault - it will be blocked by firewalls at individual institutions.
    - Could be things like "newly registered domain", it could be something saying "this looks like a dodgy domain", might be to do with university IT staff being risk-averse that causes problems for us. Don't really know what we can do.
- Migration process of URL
    - Plan to have a set of redirect rules from Netlify to book.the-turing-way.org
    - Can't do that at the moment because book is hosted at Netlify!
    - Will need to do this if and when we move to a different hosting provider.
    - Encourage people to use the new domain because that's what it will be going forward, so grow that muscle early. If it does look like a lot of people can't reach the domain, it's not a good idea - this is very frustrating for us.
- Are we recording people's issues with access somewhere?
    - Not that we know of
    - Can be really difficult to debug
    - Difficult to coordinate, the bug reporter would have to open tickets with their own IT services
    - ACTION: Danny to create an issue with a template to comment with some required info
    - ACTION: Anne to flag above issue in the newsletter repeatedly
    - Try a poll in Slack, everyone go to the URL now and vote if you can connect or not
    - SEO optimisation?! :scream: 
    - Google has a change of address tool for updating search engine results https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/9370220?hl=en
