## 11-01-24 Infrastructure Working Group Meeting 11

Attendees:
- Jim
- Sarah
- Ale
- Danny
- Kirstie
- Anne

Agenda:
- Meta logistics
    - Archiving/organising WG notes (logistics for me to help sort out!)
    - Meeting cadence
- GSoC
- FOSDEM talk
- Translation team collaboration
- Upcoming platform switches?
    - From ALS: two research documents, one for switching from [Tinyletter](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i8KM1IXyWyUQ_hmz8iGezrxwva7oToilyJGyUbWGemA/edit) and the other for [Eventbrite] (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tt2puVoBoVDnTtcPLxN_qoo2KhrtWFMRQR0fMWjU3I4/edit
    - Also bringing back this thread from Github? https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/2811#issuecomment-1794285174
- Action: can we review and update this handbook page: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/subprojects#working-groups-funded-projects-and-informal-initiatives
- Other plans?

Notes:
- Meta-logistics: 
    - Should we change our meeting cadence?
    - Transparency mechanism
    - Archive existing notes for the group --> ALS & AAA will archive notes in new repository
- Sandy: using Crowdin platform, will continue to use in the 2024 year, 
    - Q: Supporting contributions in languages other than English because everything is in Github. Not sure how the crowdin platform
    - Requires a source language ('parent language') --> replicating a colonial dynamic
- SG: I kind of don’t want to go too far down the rabbit hole of publishing the translations until we’ve got the URL and moved from Netlify because it will be a lot of work to set them up on both
    - The book goes into a separate repo from the rest of the repository
    - URL
    - Splitting up the repository: https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3352
- Alex will coordinate a meeting with Danny, Anne and Ale to prepare a plan to split the repository a roadmap (in Jan). That will be approved by Kirstie
- About platform switch, they trust that people who use it will take the right decision. 
- Unless we want to host something, they trust that the users can make the right decision without their input
- GSoC: we only join if there's a specific coding task we want to suffer. They will do something that will be positive for the community. Only propose a project/goals that are already of interest of us. If we don't have anything, we should not have one this year. Who will be named mentor? In the previous year, Johana lead it and so far, the infrastructure team don't have a particular project to give