Attendees:

- Jim
- Danny
- Angus
- Sarah


Question: Jupyter Book 2.0 will be MyST-based?
Answer: JB 1.0 kept JB and Sphinx fairly distinct, that will be less so with JB 2.0. 

Using TTW as a test-case for JB 2.0.

Question: What can Turing way do to help?
Answer: Lean in to new syntax once we've done the first-pass transition, e.g. rabbit-hole links https://mystmd.org/guide#cool-myst-features


Action: Add items to the [Community Forums slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12yZZw56BWYKaRhRUhFe6ikQSdTV2KiB7/edit#slide=id.g2e9f91d0808_0_152)

Question: what's the first thing we do for localization/translation?
Answer: start with an example filesystem layout for multiple languages.
- One approach is to have a shared TOC (*translated titles?*) and placeholders in langauges with missing translations

We would really like to have a system where,

- There is no "default" language
- You can add a new page in any language
- There is still coordination between languages, we don't want N completely independent books

A shared TOC could be good here,

- shared TOC with .po style translations
- Add a page in any language, adding an item to the global TOC
- For languages without that page, a generated page will say there is no translation for this language
  - And hopefully invite creating one!

A language selector drop-down menu may depend on how/where we host.
Possible that we could add some custom code to add a language selector as part of the theme.
(Myst will allow extending functionality in Python! _e.g._ Markdown directives)

1. Think about how we can translate non-index pages? Maybe metadata that says an `index.md` isn't used for content, (e.g. TOC class).
2. Find commonalities in the constellation approach (pythia, nasa?)
  - Prefer single repo than distributed
  
Notes already here: https://github.com/executablebooks/mystmd/issues/1336
